I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, are you
sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, yeah, yeah,
This is whiskey three
Julia Juliet whiskey whiskey three Julia Juliet whiskey CQ CQ CQ is anybody out there?
I don't see anybody out there. What's going on?
super strange
I'm gonna wait to see if I get any indication of life. We may have a problem here
Although I was getting yeah, I got internet there
Testing one two there's Pamela. Okay, I guess we're all right
All is well in the universe is if Pamela is in the chat. I guess I'll just hit it
I
Hello everyone, good to see you Jeff. Good to see you Jeff
Good to see you Jeff
Good to see you brother spoons small embers. I am Katniss always always Fletch
their garden variety human, of course, they
Janet Reno
sexiest woman and
In US legal history
Good to see her in the chat
Essentially a worst case scenario. I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case
I
Think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
How are we okay over here? I think we are just thought I would test to make sure
This episode is sponsored by mink. That's moo plus link
Mm-hmm
This my point is that if if we were able to just like we're trying to get everybody to take the vaccine if we had
Put that into getting everybody to take I've imagined in fluvoxamine for for a month
If we and if we could accomplish that then COVID would be wiped out
We could do it and actually any municipality that could regulate its borders could clear the disease if you could accomplish that go
I believe
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
There's no way that what I just read in the chat is correct. I
Am flat and not anime no way
No way
oh
My oh my oh my
I
Well, at least you didn't say it was an AI
Oh
Mark sure has been crushing it. This is so crazy. He sure has Jeff. You're right
Nervous
You are very right
We are putting pressure in the paint. We got the full court press on and
Defense wins ball games ladies and gentlemen
Yes, this is the full court press we aren't stopping
We aren't gonna stop
We are gonna maintain this pressure so that the knowledge can spread and the enchantment can be broken
There is a critical point. I
Don't know where that critical point is exactly
But I know that there is a critical point if we stay focused on the biology
If we don't take the bait that they are putting in front of our eyes and we love our neighbors
We will get through this, but there are a lot of people who are still swamped
And the way this is gonna work is that you need to help spread the word of this work every time you think it's worth spreading
And you need to spread it
Because that's the only way this works. I've got people supporting me. I've got a website where people can support me
So that's gonna take care of itself
People can find me a gig ome biological.com gig ome.bio and screen.gig ome.bio
but
The more important thing is to realize that the independent bright webs a very small group of people
It's not that many we keep trying to think that there's there's other people, but it is really kind of just like, you know, maybe
Just a handful of people
And everything else is an illusion
people that have agreed to not talk about certain things and to focus on other things and
Definitely not mention other things and so we need
To pull our eyes down to pull our hands from our faces actually what we need to do is take our phones out of our face
Take social media out of our faces
Because that's what will free our minds from this. That's what will will emancipate our thoughts
We've only got about 30,000 thoughts to take care of every day
And if we give 10,000 of those thoughts over to these algorithms, which are really just programs
They're not
Sentient beings that that take all the onus off of their owners
For all the damage that they do far from it in fact
These are just simply programs which are designed to maximize your mental
Enslavement and induce
compliance
And the illusion therefore is sustained through your active participation if you use
Twitter and Facebook and all of these things without knowing what they are
It is really
It's really not going to work out for you in the end
So this is gig ombiologic on the safest way to get biology in your head if you're looking at the chat and you see
The word jeff from earth all smeared together
That is a fella that has really taken getting this biology into his head very seriously
And also a good supporter of the stream hello jeff
It is the 19th of April
2024. This is gig ombiological. It is a high resistance low noise information brief not just a jinger a jingle
But a real thing and we are here
Trying to form an organized resistance to the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of us the masses
And this important element of democratic society has been weaponized against us and a lot of people
That are purporting to save it save us from it's call it
They call it fifth generation warfare and they say we're never going to be able to figure it out and that's really
um one of the biggest lies of all and so that's one of the things that we're trying to
tackle here on
On gig ombiological. Let me just check this ding here to make sure i'm not getting dinged by somebody super duper important
Anyway, the the principle of informed consent has been ignored for the duration of the pandemic of that
I am quite certain. I think i'm going to put myself first here at the desk if you don't mind. I think this should work
Uh, good afternoon. Um, this is gig ombiological. My name is jonathan cooey
um, and uh
I'm coming to you live from pittsburgh pennsylvania. I'm a little distracted right now by the dinging of the phone and stuff
I'm going to turn that off
Um, but some very interesting things happening in the background. Um, number one somebody on twitter
sent me a link to a tweet about a case
Which seemed to fit very nicely into this idea of a vaccine injured person in some way or another
Needs to challenge and um and sue for damages
And then some court needs to reject that
Based on the prep act and then you have to appeal that and it has to get to a federal court
And then the federal court has to strike it has being a seventh amendment violation
And wouldn't you know it the case that was sent to me and got appealed to the
The north carolina state supreme court or some nonsense like that in a little tiny footnote
A little tiny footnote on page three of the appellate filing that was appealing this case
with a little star
Says that the federal claims were dropped in the appeal
So
You can't win a seventh amendment
Claim without appealing a federal claim against the you know a constitutional claim
If you drop those claims, then what happens?
Ladies and gentlemen, that is a very interesting case
Please take a look at that. I'm gonna I'm trying to get all of the background paperwork together
With regard to that case because I think it's really important to understand it as it stands
Understand what was done?
What wasn't done? What was said and wasn't what wasn't said because somewhere they got a footnote
The constitutional claims got a freaking footnote in the appeal
Which is extraordinary ladies and gentlemen an extraordinary
Near miss bullseye
For what we've been saying on this this stream for quite some time
Thanks to some of the people that support and help and advise and communicate with us behind the scenes. This is not just me
Switching from the back table to the front table and the back table the front table all day
Figuring it out all on my own. I have friends and advisors and people that I listen to
And and ask questions too
And some people are trustworthy and other people aren't and it's taken me a long time to build up this network of people that I sort of kind of trust
And uh, it is from this network that the identification of some of these, you know
Seemingly glaring omissions in the general legal tact of most of the people that purport to save us from this system
They don't seem to realize that strict liability could be a nice thing to say every once in a while
They don't seem to realize that the seventh amendment is the way out if you want to give one judge the opportunity to strike the prep act
That's the opportunity and yet here we have a perfect case where they actually dropped it
They dropped it
And I hope you can see how amazing it is that in all the discussion about that case
That's not really the point that anybody makes
There should be somebody from chd's own legal team swooping in right now
In north carolina to say holy shit who convinced you to drop the seventh amendment portion of your claims
But nobody will
Maybe somebody from I can
Maybe maybe erin siri will will drop in by by a helicopter or parachute and say why did you drop your seventh amendment claims? What are you nuts?
But of course that's not going to happen and that's the that's the issue here
You think that you're engaged in a in a in a
Truthful and forthright debate with the people that run our country the people that sit on weaponized piles of money
The people that control social media when in reality
None of this none of this has been an honest discussion
None of the information that's freely available is really useful in getting you out of this system
And therefore you have no informed consent. You don't know you can't exercise it
And
So our hypothesis remains the same
I don't know why that didn't advance. Maybe that keystroke didn't hit
But our hypothesis remains the same and that is that the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus
Which was detectable by a nonspecific PCR test something for a background, which was most certainly hot
And whether or not there was molecular
Specificity for that background or non specificity for that background is irrelevant
It could have been both because there were over 250 such diagnostic tests that were given EUA permissions to be rolled out at price
In america nevermind the rest of the western world
many of these devices and and and
Medical devices is what they're called by the FDA as you heard the other day in that discussion
Many of these medical devices were actually produced in china
And what this essentially enabled is a theater to be created
That was likely a theater specifically oriented around a couple things a couple stories
Maybe one for example
If jessica hockett is out there listen to this that just dawned on me after after coffee this morning
Why in the hell is there no virus?
Samples that are isolated from the outbreak in in new york city
Why is it that the isolates that that the united states cdc decided to use as the standard for the entire
Diagnostic standard set
Is derived from a virus which was cultured in somebody in seattle where there were almost no cases at all
Why weren't we culturing virus in every hospital in new york city trying to get a good sample of what was
Happening there because obviously that one was pretty dangerous hit killed 20 000 people in four weeks
Now the important thing to understand about the second paragraph there is that the
The technology or the methodology of an infectious clone is actually how RNA viruses are generally done
He identified an RNA sequence in the wild that may or may not be quote unquote complete
If it's not complete you complete it with other genes
Which are in the literature already published as minimally required for a coronavirus genome to work
You assemble that in a dna construct you make lots of copies of that you and you you
Convert that to rna using an rna
polymerase usually a commercially available one and then you take that rna and apply it to your animal model
Apply it to your cell culture and then thereby starting at the same starting point as everybody else would
And although this seems innocuous it actually allows the creation of a purity
And a quantity of rna in this format that that otherwise would not be
Creatible with the samples taken from the wild or the cell cultures that are grown in labs
Even when they take this infectious clone and apply it apply it to an animal or apply it to a cell
You do not get replication competent virus in large quantities as a result
You get a lot more rna you get a signal of rna you get a lot of subgenomic rna's
And you get a lot of exosomes that contain some of those things
But you don't get
high fidelity reproduction of the original genome that you used from that you created from the clone
But because virology
Has been very want to investigate further to apply the state of the art technologies of sequencing or or
Or dna rna protein isolation
To studying what happens in these clones when they're in cell culture
But we just assume that that the psychopathic effects are indicative of virus and that the presence of the
the sequences is indicative of replication
the immune reaction and and
and
Whatever symptomology that's present in the animals is indicative of a viral replication, but they can't
Actually show us that the infections cycle as they say it happens
Happens without starting with the dna clone converted to an rna
That's then applied and purported to be the equivalent of this
What they say is a natural phenomenon that occurs all the time
And so using this mythology which is almost exclusively exaggeration
And using
If needed a methodology of placing a sequence anywhere they wanted to using dna or rna
Which either one would produce the kind of hot pcr positives that that they purport to find in sewers
and also on
counters on screwships and all this kind of thing
And so in producing a clone you actually get two quantities a quantity of dna and a quantity of rna
And i'm not even sure if it's not possible to you know
react to the dna an awful lot with that enzyme you don't run out of dna and so it may be very possible to make many more
you know orders of of quantity more than than of rna than the dna once you have the dna
um
But keep in mind that the dna is chemically much more stable and so if you wanted to seed
pcr positivity or even sequence full genome positivity somewhere the dna would make it much easier
Although the whole construct would be a little bit more tedious to make a spike protein dna
Or a spike protein rna would be much much more trivial to make certainly a single plasmid
And that was already present it was present in an oveos preparations. It was present in no
Novavax preparation all of these different companies that were making a spike protein variant
Either had to make a dna clone of the spike protein that they made into m rna
Or they had to make a dna clone that they made into m rna that was made then into a protein
So all of these different players were playing with a construct that if taken out of the laboratory and put in a sewer
Or put on a countertop or or sprayed in a laboratory or in a in a hospital
All the people that were exposed to it in some way or another might very easily test positive for that spike protein
Irrespective of whether it was actually disease causing agent
And
So a total surrender of individual sovereignty and enforcement of a global inversion of basic human rights to basic granted permissions is the plant
They want to get rid of nation states and make the most powerful
Entities being supernatural and super national
And this is basically the argument that peter bregan has been making for a long time
It's a globalist
Movement and so the people that are playing against us often say that the west is in danger
Like brett weinstein often refers to the west as being in danger. No
Each individual country is in danger and they are each individually infiltrated
And the only way we are going to get out of this relatively intact is for us to kind of
Decentralize and kind of focus on ourselves and kind of get
United States back in order and the Dutch people need to pull their head out and do the same thing
So do the people in ireland so do the people you know
We are not ready to rescue canada when we we are not yet changing the prep act when there's there's a
There's a case that was almost there and then they actually dropped their federal claims
And
That's why you see such an agreement across these supposedly disparate
Sources of information because they all agree on the basic premise
Which is that vaccines are great and diseases are
Definitely real on a pandemic sense and certainly gain a function viruses are as well
And all of these people have agreed not to talk about any of this stuff
Not going to talk about
Any of the oxygen that was used which is really striking to me
There should be and i'm going to say it every night
I think until we're done with this this the covid shows when i'm not doing a covid show
Maybe I won't do it, but holy man
until someone else besides me or mark or
Somebody's got to do it an MD has got to come out and say wow
If we can confirm that they were giving pure oxygen
At anything above 10 liters a minute
I mean 10 liters a minute is already probably close to double
What should be given what is normally given?
And even that if it's pure oxygen shouldn't be given for many many hours
But now if we turn it up in a mask form this kind of thing
We are talking about potentially hundreds of thousands of people being mistreated injured
Permanent long injury can occur from that and people could think that's long covid. Do you understand?
Permanent long injury could have happened from that and people think it's long covid covid damage
And so we need every doctor that worked into a hospital to reflect on this and question themselves
Did anybody tell me to put people on high flow nasal oxygen for hours and hours? Did I do that?
And if you are not willing to ask yourself this question you are a chicken shit
Because this is the way we break them these are all this story should already have flown
But it's not flying at all
It should be just another thing that they add to this long list of stuff that we've already identified right
This stuff we already identified we're allowed to talk about all this
And
And so I suspect that that that this is something very very serious
It's something very serious because it means that thousands and thousands of people can be can be instantly
culpable
And so it's going to be a very hard thing for people to come to the realization of that
Holy shit, there's a paper from in 1989 that shows
Based on intuition and ICU like let's make sure that these patients that we can't talk to because they're in the ICU
Let's make sure that giving them too much oxygen isn't causing some of the shit that we see in the ICU
That was 1989
Well done mark for having found that paper well done for having worked that down
unfortunately that video I think has like 200 views on youtube because
You know
Where are we?
And so I think one of the most important points to make is they're a little tiny right there is that medicare and medicaid costs were avoided
And not only that but medicare and medicaid costs are a gigantic portion of the federal budget and have major
Gigantic portion of state budgets and this is something that is simply not talked about
I
Might even feel a little better if they got somebody like that Kramer guy on an economic network to say wow
We sure dodged a bullet with this with this covid because man oh man medicare was about to about to bankrupt us
At least then they would be telling all the truth, right? I mean
I think it's extraordinary that nobody mentioned strict liability of the seventh amendment violation
I think it's extraordinary that that case in north carolina from just recently
Decided to drop their federal claims when they appealed like holy
And of course nobody is talking about zero epidemiological evidence of spread the stuff that daddy ran course showing since may
2020 or june 2020 or I don't know august 2020 whatever it was a long time ago
So
This is that video that I showed last night from the pbs news hour just to remind you that
back 11 or 12 years ago
medicare cost was between 10 and 15 percent of the federal budget and
Up to 40 percent of some state budgets and so it's very extraordinary
um
Look i'm a human just like you
And I have made many mistakes in this pandemic one of the links on my website is titled scooby
And if you go there, you will find a review that I wrote in
Really started writing it in december of 2020 or november of 2020. I didn't really publish it until may of 2021
Maybe partly because I was being meddled with
uh, but this this review
basically
Says everything that potentially that here at bondon bosh was saying at that time and still says now
Um, I was pretty convinced that there was a lab leak virus
Although I was also convinced that we didn't need to worry about it because t cell was par t cell memory was paramount
But I was arguing basically the immunomythology of
Of viruses and the ability for an RNA molecule to go around the earth and in being there in 2021
Um, and all the way until 2022 really
Yeah, I mean being there until 2022 or 2023
Even the beginning maybe I don't know how long I was stuck
in the lab leak narrative
and and
And stuck in the idea that an RNA molecule if it had the right attributes could go around the world
indefinitely
Um, it took me a very long time to get out from the spell of all the people that had enchanted me and you
And so it is with very
Great humility that I that I make these presentations great humility
That I claim to now be on the right track and and worth
um listening to
And so
Uh, the claim that I'm making right now is that there is a faith in a novel virus
Which has kind of morphed into a faith in a novel biology. It's about
A faith in a trackable gain of function RNA that went endemic and so
We've seen a movie from 2019 produced by cnn films where
um
A journalist by the last name of garret is very succinct in saying that the worst case scenario and one of these lab leak things
Would be for a virus like this to go endemic
And of course the big debate for 2020 and 2021 that Brett Weinstein was still firmly in the belief
That we could achieve is zero covid
Which is of course the opposite of endemicity
And so the debate of whether or not this gain of function virus or this lab leak or this
Badcave virus would go endemic or not
Is one of the debates that we were set up to have for almost two years by people like Brett Weinstein
And that debate is very crucial if you understand that debate well then if you believe zero covid is possible
You're going to do every little thing that you can
Including where safety glasses and and a bandana
And so this ruse goes very deep because they also within this wove
What they expected to be the biology of the transfection they wove it in
to the the worst case scenario of the virus
And so I do think that it is very likely and certainly we have all the methodologies and and and technologies necessary to pull this off
Without a hitch that they likely
Uh
They likely designed the spike protein to be an immunogenic protein which was capable of activating the immune system more than a few times
one of the problems with typical antigens chosen from
from
Wherever they choose antigens from is that your body if it's exposed to this antigen four or five times
Will inevitably build up a tolerance to it or a severe reaction to it in either way
it's probably not very good and so this is um generally speaking one of the reasons why
Historically vaccinologists would usually claim that two exposures to a vaccine would be more than enough
um and this this
sort of
Hold the bait space has been kind of closed
um, but it is important to realize that
Irrespective of whether that debate space is open or closed
the the whole background system that has to do with immunology and vaccinology and
public health and disease
Has maintained
From very early on you saw in marks program a couple days ago
He showed a an article about a jona sulk having met with alice e more and how they were talking about how
Antibody explaining how vaccines work and that vaccines make antibodies these little soldiers that protect us from disease
so antibodies and this
full-on commitment to antibodies as being central to the immune response
um of a mammal is one of these lies that they are spectacularly committed to
and
And
And I think that it is very likely that they designed a protein
And then seeded this sequence using infectious clones in places where they knew it would get reported including
In Wuhan including in iran, maybe including in italyan and including in seattle, washington in this homeish county man
And that's why there are no cdc
you know
standard samples from new york city that the standard sample from the cdc is from the sahomish county man in washington
Even though supposedly there was enough coronavirus in in in new york city to kill 20 000 people in four weeks
And again, i'm thinking that's what this fear and cleavage site that's with this
You know the fear and cleavage site is really interesting because what that second fear and cleavage site does
That's the important thing to realize. It's a second fear and cleavage site not a first
the second fear and cleavage site allows a small fragment of
S-1 to go floating free
Which of course is one of the requirements for any kind of linked recognition and b-cell activation to occur
You need to have antigen floating around in the system that can pass through the lymph nodes
And activate activate otherwise dormant or or naive b-cells
And so this floating fragment that we're supposed to believe is going to interact with ace two and all this other crazy shit
Is actually probably just a piece
Have antigenic protein that they knew had to be free in order to get a repeated antigenic response
Again, he need to add little
Little annoying proteins to the blood if you want seroprevalence to go up every time
And it would be interesting to think about that from the perspective of what they might have wanted to do
If they wanted to get people to accept
Transfection one of the ways to get it to accept is to show how effective it is
I mean even four doses you still get a boost in antibodies
And there is no doubt you can confirm it with hundreds of videos
That on all sides of the aisle there are people that will confirm to you that antibodies are really important
And it's interesting to note that every time you get exposed to the virus
Or every time that you get you get injected you have an antibody boost an antibody boost looks like the boosters also give
a nice antibody boost
And my guess is this would not be the case with all proteins
My guess is this protein is engineered to be that effective
And in so doing that theater would require the planting of a sequence
And the way they would plant that sequence is using an
Infectious clone or using a transfection or using an RNA or a DNA that they could produce using standard methods
That have already been around for 10 years
You choose how they did it for your own particular
Explanation in your head, but as far as I'm concerned
It's a crime scene and any of those possibilities remain wide open and to be yet determined
And at the same time if you remember they are laying down this narrative because they want
The biology the mythology covers an expected range of damage
As we transition a population into wide spread testing of the transfection technology
That's what the spike being a weaponized prion was now you might think wait
Who's talking about the spike being a weaponized prion? Well
One of the most conspicuous ones is somebody who works at MIT
And she has been saying for a long time that the spike protein itself is something to be focused on
And from the perspective of what I just rambled on for a little bit there of I don't think that's crazy
If you think of the spike protein as a designer protein
That was designed to make sure that
Transfection in many forms was going to be successful in terms of meeting the minimum bar
Of getting people to produce antibodies at every exposure
Then that would be the protein you would choose to use
For the first rollout of transfection in mass
I
Think it's a very interesting hypothesis that certainly is not real certain but it's an interesting hypothesis to consider
It's one to toss around because I do I am
Generally speaking quite sure that all of the mythology of the of the worst case scenario was thrown around
Very vigorously in 2020 to make sure that we would accept it as a possibility
So that we would also accept
Maybe
Maybe with a little regret the the the rollout of a transfection to respond to it
And fortunately many people in the united states and around the world said no so there still is a control group
There's still people
Holding the line and that means that there is a chance
There is a chance that the truth will come out that they will be exposed by the very methods that they thought they would enslave us
The phone the internet and a control group that they thought that they could eliminate
So again, one of the things that I said we were going to cover was prion disease
This is a image taken from i'm going to switch over here image taken from a a
Nature review article which basically in cartoon form shows what happens
According to the prion a protein only hypothesis and its refinements in the base state prions comprise
solely or predominantly a misfolded form of a cellular protein prion
So this is a cellular protein whoops, sorry my arrows here now my cellular protein
Which is present in all cells
in
In normal circumstances the prion with a little
See above it or a little sc above it depending on what paper you're reading and whether it's you know
This that or the other thing is the cellular prion protein now in its base state
Um, these prions are all in their little
They're all in a little fibrel and so they're stuck together
And the idea is is that if they touch that or bind to a protein the pre-ion protein in its native form
They can cause that native protein to adopt
their
prion shape
And then those
Fibrels grow until they fragment and then when they fragment they spread around
And so it's this sort of cascade of starting at one and getting to many
um, that is supposedly the
The way that this works and there is a degradation pathway
And essentially maybe in normal function the degradation pathway is sufficient to keep this from
Cascading out of control and then in in in dysfunction. It's not
There are also strains
Of prions and I don't really understand all of that and strain evolution because of course
There's supposed to be some relationship
Between the sequence of a protein and its three-dimensional structure
And so if a prion protein is something that can have a very special three-dimensional structure
Which is highly resistant to enzymatic degradation highly resistant to UV light highly resistant to heat and denaturization
Then it should be pretty closely related to the amino acid
That are in that sequence and so
I don't understand how strains have evolved that much if there's a very special combination of amino acids that can result in a protein with all kinds of
Of attributes that aren't typical for biological proteins
That include the ability to induce other proteins with a similar apparently or even
dissimilar sequence to fold like them
So there are a lot of things about this methodology
That are at least on the surface quite difficult for me to reconcile with what I thought I understood about general biology a kind of
Sort of a little bit parallel to how digging into RNA viruses really threw me for a loop
Of course, no doubt just like the the award for
the
Reverse transcriptase Nobel Prize the Nobel Prize in 1997 was given to Stanley Prusner for his discovery of prions
A new biological principle of infection
A lot of people at the time actually questioned whether it was given a little bit early before we actually understood what was going on
And I think that was probably right
I did promise that we were going to review some reviews and we will
And I did say that we were going to review this particular paper today in particular, but what I found
Was that I have a number of papers, which I simply can't get a hold of
Now I know I can get a hold of them with a little bit more work and a few emails
but in the meantime I did post them on
GigaOM.Bio our soapbox and if you have access to these papers
Through some kind of you know better connection than I do through the university of Pittsburgh
Which is probably not going to last for much longer. I still have kind of this
Sneaky background
Sneaky thing that that that was uh, yeah, anyway
I don't know how long that'll last but it doesn't work for these anyway
So if you could help with those links, that would be really great
And in the meantime, we are going to watch this video with uh, Stephanie Sineff, which was recorded on march 17th
2023 as part of a
um
Has part of a st. Patrick's day data presentation and roundtable that was organized by none other than john bodewin
Who now has a cdc
Um, a book titled something like cdc. You should look up john bodewin. You've know that you know who he is
Um, he's been promoted by steve curse a lot his book documents the massachusetts murders that were created
Um murders that were committed in order to create the illusion of a pandemic
Um, and I think john's a really good guy
And so I I do think that we should support his work and his book
And spread the word that the the truth that john's telling which is that there is no evidence of a spreading dangerous pathogen
Um
Anyway at this science and data roundtable. Um, Stephanie sineff presented a title talk titled
um, something to do with exosomes and uh, neurogenetic generative diseases
And something you're going to see it in a minute. Um, and so hopefully
Um, this will fit right in remember that we just had a couple lectures from that mit lady
Um, and so we got a couple different angles
from a couple different people
On how protein misfolding works and how we work to try and characterize it
And as far as we understand it, it's kind of started out with heat shock proteins and this response to
stress
and the the
Production of proteins which are tied to these heat shock genes which are according to the mit lady not just
Responses to heat shock but responses to almost any stress
Cellular stress. So here we go. I will make this
Live I'm gonna get my head all the way for a minute
You want me to go on to somebody else?
I can do it. I can do it now if you like. I'll start my video and say hi
All right, so I just go ahead with my my presentation
Yeah, let me um, I think I have to figure out how to let you screen share multiple
Yeah, host disabled
That should work now. Um, yes, it does. Thanks
Big fan of Stephanie sineff. Oh boy
You might want to turn off now
No
Okay, there we go. All right. Here's the title of the messenger RNA vaccines exosomes protein misfolding and no degenerative disease
So I've been studying this this mRNA technology ever since it's
Warp speed came up. I started studying it. It is fascinating warp speed
Don't forget warp speed might have the reason why this train went off the rails to begin with they might according to
Um, the gut feeling of my friend marqulak. They may have wanted to stretch out the bridge
Has was described by debra burks on march 3rd 2020
They might have wanted to stretch that bridge out a year or two longer
And trud the trump administration may have thrown a wrench in that plan vice trying to get the vaccine to come out before the election
um, and that could have caused all kinds of problems or
Changes in the narrative that resulted in in where we are today
And I I do think that it is very likely that we've been off script for much longer than they would like us to believe
Anyway getting into this terrifying and i'm just going to focus on this one topic
Although I have many other topics that i'm interested in within this space. I just want to kind of paint the picture of what I see
That scares me the most and and I so I want to start with sort of arguing why the message RNA vaccines are more likely
To cause damage to the organs than an infection
And the way I see it is that when you uh when you catch the virus it goes into the nose goes into the lungs
It's behind the mucosal barrier. So if you've got a strong immune system that stays there never gets past the mucosal barriers
If it does get past mucosal barriers it still has to get past the vascular barrier as well in order to actually
Get into the organs where it can do damage. So there's a couple barriers between the virus and uh severe disease
Whereas the vaccine is injected into the deltoid muscle in the arm past both mucosal and the vascular barriers
Um, and of course the RNA is constructed very specially designed. So she said that very nice, huh?
It's got those cationic lipids that you're really toxic
She said that very nice. I'm going to go back a little bit
So she said that they that that they are injected past the vascular barrier past the
the um
mucosal barrier so she is already
in a way
Stating that the immune system has an orientation
It has a it has an orientation bias
Which should be addressed when trying to address interacting with it and yet
Hintramuscular injection of an RNA is like wrong on several levels. I like that. That's great. Um, that was really nice
Composal and the vascular barriers
Um, and of course the RNA is constructed very specially designed with the mouthful scuba uradines
It's got those cationic lipids that you're really toxic
the the arm RNA resists breakdown
And it produces spike protein for a long time and we're seeing that experimentally for months
It's still producing spike protein. So RNA usually is recycled within a few hours
So that's very very different from the little RNA and of course
It's also been humanized which which makes itself
That the the cell doesn't realize it's being infected with a something that can produce a viral
See so that's technically wrong
the the humanized part of it is the codon optimization and if you listen to
Kevin mccernan
Um, he would explain as far as I understand that the codon optimization is largely to get more protein to come out
um
It may disguise it a little more as a human RNA
But um, what it basically does is optimize protein production. She could be right
I shouldn't jump too hard on that, but one of the reasons why um
The codon optimization was done was because it produced more protein. I don't think it the codon optimization actually reduced
the immunogenicity that much
But I guess that's kind of nitpicking her I shouldn't have jumped in quite so hard like that
Protein
And so they've also been humanized which which makes it stealth that the the cell doesn't realize it's being infected with a
Something that can produce a viral, uh, protein. Yeah, so that's I guess what I have a problem with it
It doesn't realize the cell doesn't realize it's too much anthropomorphism for me
We shouldn't be talking about the cells as having intelligence or thinking for themselves or anything like that
the cells are
sort of
hard to understand as machines, but
It may be better to understand a lot of what happens at the molecular level has closer to something like machinery something like
Something like clockwork
um
So I find I just it's an opportunity to say hey they change the amino acid sequence to make it
Yeah, I don't know. It's okay
And so the muscle cells take up the nanoparticles and then they I think what happens is they synthesize large amounts of spikes
They have to get rid of it
They ship it ship it out in the form of exosomes and those exosomes can carry
Lots of other stuff besides the spike they're going to display the spike protein on their surface
And they're going to have uh even potentially have the entire messenger RNA molecule in there as well
And um as well as micro RNAs and other proteins all kinds of
synthetic
All kinds of activities can be conveyed through those exosomes exosomes are communication network for all the cells in the body
And they will communicate the danger that they see and deliver the danger to recipient cells
Where it will then cause a lot of trouble
So it causes information wherever it goes you can have a spike protein displayed on the surface of an exosome
You can have the fear and cleaver side snip off s1
S1 can wander through the blood and bind to ace two receptors and a big mess that happens following all of that
So I think um and then of course the other issue is the protein itself is um is a
Neurotoxin that's been shown experimentally as well
And it um it is amyloidogenic and i'll get into that in a moment. So it's a neurotoxin
I guess that just means it kills neurons and it's amyloidogenic
Now amyloidogenic is not a it's not that uh straightforward of a term
um
Because amyloid
The way that amyloid works in the way that that prions work is not necessarily the same thing
I don't think there's anybody in the amyloid field that's claiming that
Amyloid can cause other amyloid to fold like amyloid
um
And i'm happy to be corrected about that, but i've been trying to follow up on it. It's one of the reasons why i'm not
Barreling into this right now because I think it's important for me first to characterize
What other people have said about it the people that I think a lot of people are looking up to for
Opinions about these things before I look into this biology and then present what I found because so far what I find
A lot of the more straight up prion people
The way that that the prion biology is explained for example in that nature
Article is very different than the prion biology that these people that are talking about the spike protein and try to
bridge that
idea to
The current situation tend not to refer to
the kinds of processes or the kinds of mechanisms or the kinds of pre
Predescribed
Instances where we kind of understand one aspect or another aspect of it for example
Remember that the lady from mit what total of three lectures that we've watched so far
Always working in the context of understanding these as chaperone proteins that have their their
Equivalence in in yeast that you can study
And that is very foundational work that's also referenced at some point
So so we're gonna see we're gonna see but again now it's not clear what we're talking about here with exosomes and the fact
That she says that exosomes can have other stuff in them and I don't agree or disagree with that. Of course, that's true
But it feels like a lot of hand waving here when she says that there's a big communication system here
But then she describes it as pretty
Pretty a specific and pretty non non
Precise
Because and that could be the case right but then I think she should be more clear in saying that the reason why
It's not so precise in this instance is because
When
Transfection and she hasn't used that word yet even though she works at mit and she definitely knows the word
Because i've talked to her in steve kush's steering committee before this
She's seen my presentations before this, but she doesn't use the word transfection
And I think that's a mistake, but it's not
It's one of these things where you if you toe the line on this aspect of
The narrative you'll be fine in this case. Maybe it's just mr.
And a vaccines it's one of the only lines that the wine steams keep tolerating that keep towing
That a lot of these people keep towing is that one keep calling them vaccines
Don't question the existence of the virus and get everybody focused on the double-stranded DNA and we won't we won't
Interrupt your sub stack
And so molecular mimicry in the spike was first first put forward by
A woman by the name of delores k-hill whose for all practical purposes been canceled like 50 times and no one ever listens to her and calls her a kook
So it's funny
Yeah, anyway, this is spike protein stuff here, right? This is spike protein and it does say the muscle cells are taking this stuff up
It doesn't say
Anything about
Transfecting other cells in the body here
I hope she would say something like that because of course and biorim bridal didn't burn his whole career for nothing
We know these go all over the place. So it's a weird thing to start out with that
Come on now
Computer and so I think much of the pathology is related to
Antibodies to the spike associated with molecular mimicry and i'm going to get into that in a moment
So here's a paper about exosomes as mediators of chemical induced toxicity and just showing this has nothing to do with spike
But just showing all these different, you know toxic exposures
It has nothing to do with spikes showing all these toxic exposures. So in this case exosomes are
Mediators of
They're just like a waste material, right? This is not
Quite the same thing as a communication network where healthy tissue is communicating with healthy tissue
So I I I still don't think that I know of all the places to choose
a a paper from why why current environmental health reports, I mean
There's not something better. I mean, I don't know. I'm maybe that's where exosome stuff goes. That's also possible
I'm not I should not try to be I should try to be more positive
Heavy metals pesticides
Talk to chemicals of course toxic chemicals as I guess what you would call the vaccine
It gets taken up by the cell and released in the form of the thing the thing the solar fire is asking in the in the chat is what what really gets me
Could the spike protein act as a catalyst in the misfolding cascade? Here's the problem. Okay
If there is a misfolding cascade there still has to be a certain requisite
It
Pattern or a certain requisite composition of said protein that is going to be induced to misfold
You cannot
If you can't take one of these rubic scuba snake
Toys and make it into a sphere that's perfectly round because
That's not in the nature of the object. You can't take
This rubic scuba here and make it into a ball because that's not the nature of the object
You can change the colors and do whatever and so
I don't I don't know I I just don't
I don't think that if
One of these is misfolded and one of them isn't and then you if it doesn't have the propensity see look
I
This cube has the probe you can make it into this cube. Okay, this cube can become this cube
It contains that cube you could manipulate it into that cube. That's totally fine, but if I said for example
Change the rubic's cube into this
Well, you can't do that because the parts of this cube are missing
And now I know this is a very extreme example, but you can't even make that cube into this cube
Because the parts are different and bigger
right
So how would a protein that is 27 kilodaltons long and composed of let's say glycine proline repeats
Going to be able to make a protein that doesn't contain any glycine proline repeats fold in the same way that
it folds
How are you going to make a
A semi tractor trailer fold into a camping tent
Um, you just can't do it right, but you could imagine that happening with a canvas camper
I
I know these aren't very good
analogies and I know I'm just pulling them out of the air here
But but the question that solar fire
Asks in the chat at 232 his could approach spike protein act as a catalyst for a misfolding cascade
And a catalyst even already implies some kind of interaction where you lower
The energy required
To reach in a certain tractor state or reach a certain energy state or to reach a certain configuration
And by definition
A protein that can cause other proteins to fold the way it's folded is a catalyst
It is catalyzing that change and and so by definition, this is a very well understood before the pandemic and before prions
a very well understood thing that that that proteins do
And I imagine there are examples from molecular biology and biochemistry that I'm not aware of where
You know, you could rattle them right off that this protein catalyzes this protein to become that protein
probably many many many steps in
in the
The construction of proteins involves things like that that we're maybe even unaware of
Maybe some of these
proteins that are called prion proteins are involved in catalyzing the
proper folding of proteins
And so if they're done wrong then they catalyze the improper folding of proteins
But then listen to what that means that means that there won't be a buildup of these things
There would be a buildup of misfolded proteins
But then what happens is that we get more of these proteins so it's not quite the right model yet
And again, I'm not trying to suggest that I understand it
I'm trying to show you where I am with wrestling with this so that we can try to understand
What hypothesis these people are putting forward right now
The hypothesis that stephanies and f is putting forward again. This is in march of
2023 we're going back in time a little bit with a flashback friday
Is that when somebody is transfected or given an mRNA vaccine as she calls them
That the spike protein is produced by the muscles the muscles get rid of it using exosomes
Maybe the s1 protein is cleaved and goes off by itself to interact with ace 2 and cause all kinds of havoc on that line
And these exosomes containing all kinds of other stuff. I guess including toxins and other crap
Maybe even the cationic lipids that are used to deliver the mRNA
Are then sent around as exosomes with the spike proteins on the outside
Whoops
Exosomes and they have other stuff in their bioactive count compounds message RNA that could be the message already for the spike protein
Other proteins are mi RNA. This is mi RNA micro RNA, which are signaling
My very powerful short RNA sequences that have
Policy changes in the cell that receives them. Absolutely correct
That's absolutely correct. These small RNAs are very important for the regulation of all kinds of things in the brain
In between and into your inside of neurons and in between neurons
And so she's very very right about that but to describe it as kind of she still seems to be describing it as kind of a random thing
instead of what I
Tend to believe is a pretty highly precise
Mechanism of communication and if there's anything to do with the disposal of things
Then they would only resemble one another in the sense that they may use similar vesicles
And then they have these things in them in the membrane that can also hook up to receptors and things like that
So they're designed for communication and they're going to communicate this danger signal to the rest of the body in interesting ways to cause
Damage wherever they go
And this is a remarkable paper that I found from 2019 before covid
This was about messenger RNA technology
And it was a retroproachin that they had coded up in this messenger RNA
And they demonstrated experimentally
That the lipid nanoparticles were taken up by the cells at the injection site
Repackaged into endosomal vesicles released into exosomes
And the cationic lipid was included actually one for one with each of the um
of the
Nucleotides in the RNA there was a cationic lipid bound to each one
So you've got the cationic lipid in there too, which is going to make this exosome positively charged
That's not good for the blood in terms of the veseta potential the whole other story there
Okay, so let's just call that zeta potential what it is right now
um
Let's uh
Say it like this
Um, the blood is a colloidal solution the mRNA injections are a colloidal solution
basically
The mRNA our mRNA injections are supposed to be a lipid
With mRNA inside at a certain size that certain size created by proprietary
Technology that is most certainly patented many of those patences are held by
Peter colas up in canada and probably
Owned in a company or two that is partially owned by palantir. Anyway, the point being
you
What was the point here endosomes exosomes the oh, yeah, sorry zeta potential the
um
The colloidal solution that is composed of the aqueous layer though the water part the the aqueous
proportion of the solution and then these lipids which are in very small droplets
And because they're in very small droplets and they're hydrophobic on the outside and they have these pegs and whatever
the molecules of water interact with them in a particular way
and
The description of the pH of that solution and the tendency for the water molecules
to
maintain
The colloidal solution in its current state is called zeta potential
How's that for some some off the cuff explanatory shit? So basically speaking the
the mRNA in its best form with the lipid will be a certain
state where the
peg that's around the
The cationic lipids will sort of stabilize them at a certain in a certain state at a certain concentration at a certain size
and zeta potential we relatively stable, but if the pH of that solution changes
is
Then the zeta potential changes and the potential for those
Lipid nanoparticles to stay as they are as opposed to change
and and
Interact and differently with the water
Remember water is a highly polar solvent and these lipids are also highly polar
And so if they're organized in the right way, then these kind of forces are balanced
And if they interact with them in the wrong way, then you will get a
agglomeration as the Italian guy explained to us you get these larger much more toxic
Aggregations of the cationic lipid
Hmm very interesting stuff here very interesting stuff
They can be taken up by the cells and then those cells can translate they are an anti-protein
So that's really really dangerous in the picture here of the administrator
That's absolutely true melon said it a lot of people said it even peter colosus said
And one of the things is to keep these lipid nanoparticles the actual particles that are in the colloidal solution as tiny as possible
Because this makes them less toxic and
Less toxic in the sense of acute toxicity if you don't do that
Then you will be it will be much more toxic because of the nature of these things. It's it's there
the
The toxicity comes from their incredible cationic nature their incredible polarity
And what they can potentially do to bioactive molecules and create
Reactive oxygen species locally and even damage mitochondria
Oops, I didn't mean to fast forward her is a to potential the whole other story there
They can be taken up by the cells and then those cells can translate they are an anti-protein
So that's really really dangerous in the picture picture here of the administration the source cell
The extracellular vesicles taking up making making the protein all of it's there
And then here's another paper exosomes an extracellular RNA in muscle and bone aging and crosstalk
And this is again talking about the muscle cells when they're exposed to some kind of stressors
They release exosomes they package up things inside the exosomes that are communication
information to the to the cells that receive them and
Evidence is accumulating that the cargo of muscle-derived exosomes can be changed under pathological conditions
So that you could have different microRNAs and that's been shown actually experimentally with the
With the with the spike protein with the mRNA for the vaccine
That microRNAs are packaged up inside exosomes that induce inflammation in the brain
And so they contribute to the propagation of pathogenic responses to distant cells
And that's where I think it's going from the muscle to the brain
And I actually think it could be that the exosomes are traveling along axons
Of nerves that have their soma in the in the spinal cord
The nerves that are the motor neurons that control muscle movement and also the sensory neurons that are picking up the muscle pain
They both have axons that extend to the muscle and the exosomes travel along their fibers
So they can go to the brain stem. They can go from there up to the brain
the the core
nuclei
And so what I and then they can cause a big mess
So what I have a problem. So this is a paper amyloid or genesis genesis of the reason why I have a problem with this
What she's saying here is that this seems to absolve
the lipid nanoparticle from
Transfecting any place in the body
It seems to suggest that it essentially works
And that the cells release these
extracellular vesicles or these exosomes and that's what causes the damage it causes the blood brain barrier and it's the spike protein that does it
That's that's exactly what she's saying here. She's not saying the
Transfection of whole variant tissue will cause other things to happen
She's not saying the transfection of bone marrow could be could be particularly interesting
She's not saying that the transfection agent itself the lipid nanoparticle could end up in the brain
right
Right she you hear that right
She's saying that it'll end up in the brain. Why? Because the exosomes that are given off by muscle cells will take it there
That's a very different way
For the lipid nanoparticle to get into your brain than direct
movement
after injection
And any of it that got to the blood could move by direct movement to the brain
In a lipid nanoparticle by all we understand right now. So it's very very dubious to me that this is a pretty certain
description
That again includes apoptotic bodies and it looks like getting rid of trash
And we're not using the word transfection
We're not saying that we already know the transfection does this because we've been transfecting mice for years
We're not saying it at all
Okay, the the core
Nuclei in the brainstem and then they can cause a big mess
So this is a paper amyloidogenesis of genesis of SARS-CoV-2 spike protein many papers have talked about the potential
For the protein to cause other proteins to misfold like the pre-on protein does it has pre-unlike
Behaviors and it has pre-unlike sequences in this in the protein
Theoretically that's been shown they have you know statistical models
And then experimentally as well that it causes protein misfolding
And then the perspective of S protein amyloidogenesis in COVID-19 disease
Associated pathogenesis can be important in understanding disease and long COVID and long COVID of course is many ways resembles vaccine injury
I think they're kind of the same thing
Um, so this is I was really excited that Luke Montaget's paper finally did get officially published peer reviewed
It was a pre-print for a long time. Uh, he unfortunately passed away
So, but his co-authors managed to usher the paper through a review process
and um
And this was a article by marina john in the um
In the epic news epic times. Sorry studies link in terrible pre-on disease with COVID-19 vaccine
So I think it's much more than pre-on disease. I think ALS like syndromes
Of course the the heart damage I think is connected as well to this issue with the pre-on protein
I suspect and also neuropathy poly neuropathy and even alopecia
So I've been finding all these papers that show a very interesting thing that I will get into in a moment
But first I want to talk about luke montaget in this paper
There were 26 people all together 23 of them were the messenger a the other three had the j&j vaccine
And all the messenger a people had had actually since within two weeks of their second m rna vaccine
And this is a month, but these these took a little longer the jng's
Many of them were dead within three months a very aggressive form of chrystal jocka disease
Which is the human mag equivalent of mag cow disease caused by misfolding of the pre-on protein
And um, so it's a very aggressive form of cjd that these people suffer from normally it would take longer like maybe five years
But this was very fast at the moment at last I heard only one of them was still alive
Uh, so this is where it gets really interesting in my opinion. I picked up. I happened to notice this sequence
YQ AGS
Which is in the um, the receptor binding domain. This is the receptor binding domain
Of these spike protein this sequence and there are these antibodies
This paper is studying the antibodies that were produced in response to the vaccine
um
Associated with the right receptor binding domain. So they found these uh, you know, there's this one this one this one
This one this four antibodies here two of them
Uh, this one goes from four five four seven eight this one goes from four three nine four seven eight
This they're both going to pick up this piece at the end YQ AGS
And then in this study they showed that uh, so there's the YQ AGS these two as well as I think this one
All had a very good antibody response to the vaccine
Uh, so the people who got the vaccine had a much stronger expression of these antibodies
Than people who didn't very significant and also that they worked well to protect you from uh, the disease
So
There's no doubt that there's a virus. There's no doubt that antibodies protect these antibodies in particular protect really well
That's what she says
You just got to hear it. You just got to accept it
And there's no
Sequence homology necessary of the what? I mean, what are we talking about here?
This is amino acids if they're using all these letters. So it's one two three four five amino acids
And then she's going to say down here at the bottom that actually one of them isn't the same
And so
If it was the same she's going to make the argument in a second
Then it would have been recognized as self, but since it's not the same
We made antibodies to it in this antibody
I don't have to talk to joe lee about this. This antibody is going to start
I don't know. I guess reducing the amount of prion protein that's available in the normal state because that's what antibodies do they bind to stuff
I don't know how the antibodies is going to get into the nucleus and bind prion protein or get into the setoplasm and bind
Prion protein from b cells like what?
B cells are going to shoot antibodies out into the blood knows antibodies are going to bind prion protein in the side of our own cells
And cause a down regulation of prion protein. How the hell is that going to work? You don't think that sounds plausible
Let's listen to her explain it. Now
This is very important because I think these antibodies are trouble
And the problem is that there's a sequence yq rg as that's found in the c-terminal domain of the human prion protein
And I think what's happening is that antibodies are binding to the c-terminal domain of the human prion protein
And what that causes is for the protein to disappear
It gets broken up and removed by the digestive system of the cell it disappears and the cell becomes prion protein deficient
Not the same thing as misfolding very very interesting and it turns out to be several papers
About this c-terminal domain and the roles that it plays it plays an important role in muscles in the heart
Of course in the brain. It's a protein mark and they don't know what it does
And it's called the prion protein and the reason why it's the prion protein is because they did some kind of
RNA
Screen back in the 80s and I posted these papers on
On my soapbox because I can't get them off of pud med or any of these other databases
And I need them if i'm going to understand what the hell they did
But they say they were able to identify a protein that they purified from screpy
And then they were somehow able to sequence the protein which is already a pretty trick pretty neat trick
Sequence that protein and then using dna clones
That's true dna clones. They used them dna clones
Of that protein they were able to screen
The golden hamster and i'm not shitting you they screened the golden hamster in the mouse and they found
A chromosomal sequence that was equivalent to it and they called that the native prion protein
And they said that the native prion protein folds differently
And then that native protein folded differently is prion with the c
Raised up, but they don't know what that protein does
Only the lady from mit knows what that protein does and she says that that protein is probably some kind of
Uh
Chaperone protein, but it's it's they're not the same because the heat shock proteins are not the prion protein
So that's important to understand
Um, you're good to ask the question. I'm still learning it. So I can't give you the best answer yet, but here we go
Okay, the neurons and in the um in the uh
neuron neural fibers the um
Uh the uh axons and the dendrites and all of that it plays a role in the uh nerve fibers as well
So here's a paper and there are others as well, but antibodies to c-terminal domain are neurotoxic
That's what this paper showed
This was in 2015 so long before covid and they they've been playing around with it
And they found that if they uh treated the cerebellar spices
with antibodies to this um
to this uh
Global globular domain is the globular domain is the same is the c-terminal domain
Um and the antibodies exposing that two antibodies was neurotoxic
And in juiced toxicity within days rather than months, which was more typical for things that caused the protein this folding
And they said uh it says global domain ligands. Okay, so what is the globular domain of the
So it could be that the globular domain of a spike of a protein is very similar across many proteins
And biochemistry globular proteins or sphero proteins are spherical
Proteins and are one of the common protein types be others being fibrous disordered and membrane proteins
Globular proteins are somewhat water soluble unlike fibrous or membrane proteins. So a globular domain
Of the prion protein is very likely very likely homologous with a lot of other globular domains
And so if you make antibodies to the globular domain of they what they call the prion protein
It's very likely
that it is uh shares homology and specificity with other globular domains
And so it's probably interfering with more than just the prion protein in those neurons
That's my first interpretation without having looked at that paper
um the most glaringly the kinetics of
globular domain ligand induced so globular domain ligands implies
That that they're making antibodies which bind
Usefully to the globular domain if these globular domains are semi water soluble
They may be functional domains where other things bind like a receptor or an agonist
And so in a lot of ways what they're describing is using an antibody to activate something which is very very different
um
Oh, it's it's very disturbing how this stuff has been has been
Wow, it's it's super annoying
much faster than experimental prion infections see
um
They're using antibodies to do something that they say prions can also do it sounds like a very terrible paper
I'm going to have to investigate that
Both glaringly the kinetics of gdl induced neurodegeneration is much faster than that of experimental prion infections
And the condition resembles cjd but with much faster progression
And that's exactly what I feel these people have so i'm suspecting this maybe the next reason by which they're being
uh harmed by the vaccine
So it is again listen, she's going to summarize it here
But it sounds like to me that she's saying that the vaccine
Unfortunately induces antibodies to the the natural prion protein and in worst case scenario can cause
uh a super fast crowdspelled yacob like variant of the disease because of this
I don't really get it yet, but let's listen to her. This is the summary. It's going to be really nice
And so in summary, um the messenger RNA vaccines are a bioweapon for distributing spike proteins throughout the body
Much like likely much of it packaged up within exosomes
And so the exosomes are also have the messenger RNA. They're actually about the same size
As the nanoparticles in the vaccine
But they are but they're going to have all kinds of other stuff in there the micro-ardinase that are going to influence policy
And of course the spike protein itself displayed on the surface
It's going to uh be a much more efficient mechanism for distributing and as they travel very efficiently along the nerve fibers
I think all of that is very very dangerous traveling efficiently along nerve fibers. I don't know why she keeps saying that
I don't know how what evidence she has of of
If they put it on culture and it goes into the nerves that that's not evidence
I think that's an interesting statement to make. Maybe she's citing something in the old factory literature or something. Here we go
Cells exposed to this
Transfection released the exosomes
She said transfection good for you step containing the messenger RNA along with the cationic libid
That's another issue because that's going to be in there
And the recipient cells can produce protein from the messenger RNA in the exosomes
So she's not explicitly saying that this can go anywhere including crossing the blood brain barrier. I think that's a huge mistake
It's an omission. It's annoying
Spag proteins amyloid orgenic and neurotoxic
And that's also a statement that she just simply cannot make because of one paper from sweden where they did something in a dish
That is really really irresponsible and um, I don't like it at all
The receptor binding binder domain contains this sequence yqh
Yes, which is similar to but not identical and that's actually important too because if it were identical it wouldn't work
It has to be different in order for there to be an antibody response
Otherwise, it'll be appear to be a human sequence
So similar but not identical to the c-terminal which is going to cause this toxic effect
So an aggressive form of cjd found in association with the vaccines may be due to molecular memory between
Despite protein and the prion protein and that's the end of life presentation
Stephanie, I feel bad like you had a timeline you had to meet you were going so fast
I
Yeah, I just want to be casual but Jonathan has his hand up, you know, oh do hands. It's up to you guys
Oh, I don't like doing hands. I'm so used to it now. Hey, could you I'm just going to give you a few more minutes by just saying
Um, could you clear it up for the viewers? What is the prion protein doing?
Um in normal conditions and why would
Creating a deficiency of it caused problems. Who's this guy?
Good point and I shouldn't probably said that because it I've read a lot about prion disease and I sort of assume people know this
But the prion protein is actually very very important protein in its natural function
And it's important in muscles for allowing them to hook up to their extra cellular matrix
It's it can cause deficiency can cause polyneuropathy
A deficiency can also cause alopecia, which is hair loss
And of course it can cause cjd an aggressive form of cjd all of this has been seen
in um in the and of course the the binding of those
Antibodies any antibody said bind to that c-terminal domain
The experimentally they've shown that that causes it to be removed not to be misfolded, but to be cleared
So you get a deficiency what they have these mice that are
And so that's pretty impressive, right?
There was hardly any explanation of the endogenous function of that protein other than to say it helps muscles connect to something
It helps this connect to something
And yet it can lead to this cascade of events. What does it do in the brain? I mean, I
I have the feeling that we're about to find a very big disconnect between the traditional prion literature and the prion
Story that's told about the spike protein. I have a feeling that that's the case. I know that's where this is going
That's why I showed this video
Um, let me see if there's any more to this explanation before we split
Do a lot of engineering of mice and they can knock out their prion protein
And then they can show that when they do that
These mice suffer from all of these conditions that it turns out are also showing up as a side effects of the vaccine
So wait mice live
If you knock out the prion protein, they don't just die of misfolded proteins
They die of what muscles not working right connecting to connective tissue or
What did she say? So that's going to be very interesting. I think we have to
Write that down. We're going to look at the mouse
prion protein knockouts
Our other papers we're going to have to put on our list of things to discuss
I mean, you know, this is going to be a lot of work ladies and gentlemen
I've already put a lot of hours into it and haven't shown you anything for it because I do think that it's something that if we're going to become
Um useful experts on it's something that we're going to have to be well read and and maybe even better read than they are
Um, and so we're we're we're treading lightly
Um, but I think it's worthwhile to tread
Lightly and I I do think that in the end you're going to respect me for treading lightly in this case
Um, because it would be very easy to step out of line and then have myself discredited as
As nich Hudson said a couple months ago already on a podcast called
Uh coffee and a mic
um
At about 58 minutes in he gave a really nice shout out to my work and I really appreciate that nich
Maybe maybe i'll just find it here and play it for those of you who are here and still here and have been here for a while
um
Just so you can hear it because it is actually a very flattering
Shout-out that he gave to us
Oops, I do not do that correct
There it is
No, okay, then we're going to escape out of there and then maybe this will work
Why is that not working?
Almost there guys here it comes
uh a really interesting thinker um there's a
um
there's a
you know
A benefit to staying in contact with people who are who are just they come from a different discipline and a different sort of thinking
So I question motives. Um, I question conflicts of interest
um, but there are people who I I listen to I I've uh, I
In my organization my organization and our organization pandata
Dot org the panda as it's affectionately known. Um, there are
This is a significant number of people who I who's
I can't even begin to describe how much I've benefited from
Their insights and perspectives so much. I've enjoyed their time and discussion with them
um, you know, I
I can list the publicly facing names unfortunately
There's not a lot of people in the organization who are unable to to have a public face
But I speak of people like dr. Jonathan engler in the united kingdom. Uh, dr. pierce robinson in germany
um
Dr. Dr. Todd kenyan in in the united states in red island
on who are fellow members of of exco and
who's
intellectual company i've really enjoyed and from you know just
very revealing and of of the nature of reality
um, and then they are people who have inspired a lot of uh, uh,
thought for me people like, um, jj
You know who's regarded by a few people as by some people as sort of
this kind of
Savant or idiot or something that
That is ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learned and in many ways
You know, they are
But uh, that's throwing baby out of bath water
I mean the best the best best thinkers in the world all tools tools through and suffer through the consequences of
10 bad ideas for every good one, you know, the best creative thinkers
Um, and so if you if you're going to jump on every
One of the ideas that a person comes up with that you don't disagree with that you don't agree with and use that as uh, uh,
are to
Smear the person that I think that's just you're never going to get ahead in the world yourself
You won't you won't find the the muses the the creative inspiration
So I've certainly think that jj kuby's overall take is very good
Um over the course of a couple of years i've come around to a lot of the thinking of mike eden who are initially
um
regarded as being several shades too dark
in terms of his his worldview
um, but i've
I've uh realized the error of my ways and and where
Or just the error of some of my
The error of my thinking when it it came to points of disagreement
Do you understand that nick hudson mentioned me almost in the same sentence and thought
has mike eden
The only reason why that happens is because of the people that share my work
And because of the people that share this stream and because of the people that subscribe to it
I can't thank greg james and steffin cohen and rodney maulin
And all these people that have given way more money than they ever should have given to somebody on the internet
For saving my family from what would have been homelessness or worse
Um, we are struggling, but we are making it and it's because of each and every one of you that cares enough
To take one of these links and share it to take one of these links and email it to somebody
There's people that email for me all the time not because I asked them to but because they do
Because it's the one thing that they can do. So if you can
Please share this work give a shout out to nick thank him for um for giving a shout out to us
um
Ladies and gentlemen, I assure you that uh if we turn over our thinking to these machines to our phones
Um, we will be controlled by the men that control those machines. It's not a trick
AI is not a
An independent thinking thing that we can't control it is simply programming
And they have they have tricked us into believing that it's more
Complicated than that. They are just lying to us. They are putting in front of us
What they want us to think and making us think the thoughts that are useless to us
um, ladies and gentlemen, please all stop all transfections and humans because they
Are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic
Um, this has been an independent bright web presentation. You will also know the uh broken science initiative as being a
unofficial part of the independent bright web. You will also know
uh, he's a tonic i t s
uh
Two or three
channels on youtube and rumble
And bitchute of he's a tonic life as part of the independent bright web. You will know jessica hocket and
and uh, nick hudson and
Jonathan angler and martin eel
As people that are members of a new independent bright web
Um
Man, thanks for the shout out nick. I really appreciate it. Um, this has been a presentation of giga home
Biologically, you can find us at giga home biological dot com
Also find us at giga home dot bio where we discuss some of this stuff trees
Please help me find those papers and you can find an archive at stream dot giga home dot bio
Um, which is one of the things now that we are actively producing
Um, so anyway nick is uh, is uh, one of my friends on the internet
He retweets me a lot one of the few people that retweets me every once in a while
And these are my subscribing supporters without which this show would definitely not be possible
Thank you very much. I'm gonna see you again tomorrow for sure tonight possibly
Um, this daily show is not stopping
We're we're gonna do as much as we can as often as we can and we have pre-ons to discuss
So i'll see you guys again very very soon
I